one of the things i've heard from other
people is they say hey i'm interested in
google
ads or facebook ads but i'm not sure
what needs to happen
on the back end so it sounds like the
first starting point have a great
website
where they can what you do so they can
understand what you do how you help
people and how they can get in touch
with you is there anything else to a
site
that you should invest in or any other
sort of marketing collateral that one
should invest in
before they take that next step with ads
uh specifically facebook and google
definitely so so let's say you're doing
any kind of investigating investment for
your site whether that's with your own
internal marketing team or whether
that's paying an
agency to do it or even learning about
yourself and then spending your own
money
um you need as well as having that clear
messaging on your website
or your landing page especially if
you're directly paid ads you might want
to consider having standalone landing
pages
so people don't click off to other pages
and get distracted from your message
however as well as being clear you want
to build trust
so no one's going to inquire of you if
they don't trust your business can help
them
um so ways you can do that is utilizing
things like social proof
um so what do i mean by that i mean
things like reviews
case studies testimonials accreditations
all that good stuff that you can weave
without in between your pages
just so people can say oh look there's a
case study similar to the project we're
trying to do
um there's a testimonial of someone who
had a similar experience to us and it
just
builds this layer of trust it's kind of
like telling a story
um so someone could be really close to
wanting to do business with you then see
that testimonial and that's the tipping
point that makes them
book a call or book a demo or whatever
your action you want to take